First Blood, right off the bat! Ha ha ha ha!
Dah, wet matches!
Sorry, girl.
That was lame.
Ugh! Just swallowed a bug.
Wicked barbeque!
I'll have the brisket. My hoss'll have your head.
Roasted, toasted and burned to a crisp.
Whoa, sick burn!
Damn that smells good.
A message from on high: You're dead!
Burn out!
Killed you without battin an eye.
Aw, did I get you?
Ah, that's what I'm talking about!
Death from above.
That's what you get.
One less prospect.
It's not the bat you gotta worry about. She eats fruit.
Ooh, got a bad case of lane rash there.
Hey, ask permission the next time you wanna feed my bat.
Death from above.
Bye, baby.
Oh, Lina, I was hoping you'd be my backwarmer.
Damn, Lina, I carried such a torch for ya.
I'm not speakin ill of Lina when her ashes are still warm.
Aw, Queenie, in another life we'd a been soulmates, I just know it!
Drow Ranger, don't be a stranger.
Oh now, Windrunner, you don't have to run from me.
I know, Vengeful: Chicks rule. They also die.
I gotta say, Enchantress: You are spunky.
Spectre, I have no idea what you just said, but I could listen to you all day.
Crystal Maiden, you were a tall glass of ice water.
Always a pleasure being stalked by the Templar Assassin.
Death Prophet, I'm the one your visions been warning you about.
Mirana, I think your ride and mine have a thing for each other.
Broodmother, if you weren't already--ugh, never mind!
I wish I could have got a better look at you, Phantom Assassin.
Night Stalker, why have wings if you're not gonna fly.
Shoulda warned ya, Storm Spirit. She likes fruit.
Aw, Pudge, I thought you knew all about choppers.
Uh, usually Pudge, I like a chopped hog. But you the wrong sort.
Sorry, my hoss here thought your name was Nectar-Lyte. Ha ha ha.
Hey Void! Have you seen Bat to the Future?
Aw, Viper, and I was gonna take you out for a spin.
I rode a dragon once. Really chapped my hide.
One time I was riding this dragon when the damn thing turned into a knight!
Okay, Jakiro, which one of you wants to take me for a ride?